Link:http://allrecipes.com/recipe/165783/farmers-market-vegetarian-quesadillas/?internalSource=streams&referringId=1947&referringContentType=recipe%20hub&clickId=st_trending_b

Recipe:Farmer's Market Vegetarian Quesadillas

Making the most of simple, fresh ingredients found at your local Farmer's Market, these quesadillas make great appetizers 
or a quick and healthy meal. Serve while hot with your favorite salsa, sour cream, and guacamole.

Ingredients:
1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper
 1/2 cup chopped zucchini 
1/2 cup chopped yellow squash
 1/2 cup chopped red onion 
1/2 cup chopped mushrooms 
1 tablespoon olive oil cooking spray 
6 (9 inch) whole wheat tortillas 
1 1/4 cups shredded reduced-fat sharp Cheddar cheese

Prep 15 m Cook 15 m Ready In 30 m

Directions:
1)In a large nonstick pan, cook red pepper, zucchini, yellow squash, onion, and mushrooms in olive oil over medium to 
medium-high heat for about 7 minutes, or until just tender. Remove vegetables from pan.

2)Coat the same pan with cooking spray, and place one tortilla in pan. Sprinkle 1/4 cup of cheese evenly over tortilla, 
and layer 3/4 cup of the vegetable mixture over the cheese. Sprinkle another 1/8 cup of cheese on the vegetables, and top 
with a second tortilla. Cook until golden on both sides, for approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove quesadilla 
from pan, and repeat with remaining ingredients. Cut each quesadilla into 8 triangles with a pizza cutter. Serve hot.


Grilled Cheese Sandwich

Bread, butter and Cheddar cheese - here's a way to make this classic sandwich in a nonstick pan.

Ingridients:
4 slices white bread 
3 tablespoons butter, divided 
2 slices Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Prep 5 m Cook15 m Ready In 20 m

Preheat skillet over medium heat. Generously butter one side of a slice of bread. Place bread butter-side-down onto 
skillet bottom and add 1 slice of cheese. Butter a second slice of bread on one side and place butter-side-up on top of 
sandwich. Grill until lightly browned and flip over; continue grilling until cheese is melted. Repeat with remaining 2 
slices of bread, butter and slice of cheese.

Tip
Aluminum foil can be used to keep food moist, cook it evenly, and make clean-up easier.

Grandma's Famous Salmon Cakes

This is a recipe for my Grandmother's famous salmon cakes. It is a family recipe that has been passed down through 
generations. Serve with macaroni and cheese or any other type of side dish.

Ingridients:
1 (14.75 ounce) can salmon, drained and flaked 
2 eggs, beaten 
1 small onion, diced 
1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
3 tablespoons vegetable oil

Directions:
Prep 10 m Cook 20 m Ready In 30 m

Pick through the salmon and remove any bones. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs and add the diced onion, salmon and pepper. 
Mix thoroughly.

Shape into 2 ounce patties; about 7 or 8 patties. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil. Fry each patty 
for 5 minutes on each side or until crispy and golden brown
